= OpenMps =
;author (attribution)
: 青子守歌 (aokomoriuta)
;URL
: https://github.com/aokomoriuta

This project contains an implemention of Moving Particle Semi-implicit (MPS) method.
MPS method is one of the most popular Particle Method to solve Continuum Dynamics (e.g. Fluid Dynamics). See [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moving_Particle_Semi-implicit_Method Wikipedia] for more information.

This project is multi-licensed.
You can select the license of your choice from as following:
* [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported]
* [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial 3.0 Unported]
* [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html GNU General Public License v3.0 or later]

== Usage ==
=== Initialization ===
When you check out this project first, you need to
* get boost from [http://sourceforge.net/projects/boost/files/boost/ sourceforge] and uncompress it into "boost" folder.
* build boost by execution "bootstrap" and "b2"

=== Build ===
# Build codes. It is recommended to use Visual Studio 2012.

=== Execution ===
# Run the program (Developers expect execution on Windows). Results will be output as CSV in "result" folder.
# Visualize results by visualizer. If you use ParaView,
## Open "particle_****.csv"s
## Add "TablesToPoints" filter
##* X Column = x
##* Y Column = z
##* Z Column = x
##* 2D Points = ON
## Create new Layout (3D View)
## Make "TablesToPoints" visible
## You can see the motion of particles! csv columns are:
##* x : horizontal value of position vector
##* z : vertical value of position vector
##* u : horizontal value of velocity vector
##* w : vertical value of velocity vector
##* p : value of pressure
##* n : value of particle number density
## or you can load ParaView State File "resultViewer.pvsm" for instance.

== Desclaimer ==
Anyone including me (author:aokomoriuta) is not responsible for any damages or corrupts by this project. Download and use this project at your own risk.
Any questions or pull-resquests or other contribution are welcome. Although keeping trying to respond as soon as possible, but no one is responsible to respond it. Any responses are also not responsible by anyone including me.
